Aim: Create traffic to Shoperts
1. Add a link on your site to Hijabi Bridal to increase Google traffic. 

2. My current clicks vs conversion: 805 (actually 1425 with onsite clicks) clicks total last month , 4% is the global standard of conversions, but online is lower. 4% is 57 clicks for you, but i think it will be much higher, as mine is 5.21%. I'll explain why further down.

3. Conversions depends on your page. inviting? relaxing?

4. Details on how I get traffic and pass it to you:

5. new google. likes original ideas for its ai box. if people click you on it, when the answer is already there, or click on the first page of google, they are usually looking to buy.

6. for its ai, google gives blog pages get most traffic, then category pages, then product pages - but these tell where the commercial interest lies. 

7. blog page https://hijabibridal.github.io/blog/trends-in-pakistani-bridal-fashion already ranking at #8, on page 1 or 2. so we'll add more relevant paas to test general interest. I'll also rewrite it with quotes from you. google will rank with ai writing, then solidify the rank with hand writing. having multiple paas for the same topic also helps solidify

8. how i use automation to rise quickly in results: seo automation for prompt file

9. directing visiting traffic using banner on category pages - explain how pages get almost as many clicks on the site than from google, user number is 1425/716 total clicks in this file, but product pages with almost no clicks have 245 hits

10. interest - product pages show buyer interest. 307 amazon clicks much more than 4% of 1425, which was 57 above. 4% of 307 is 12, but i have 16 sales. so you should have between 2 (57 clicks) - 16 serious buyers/month minimum. 

11. For which I'll add a tag to your link clicks, so we can see our numbers at the end of the month, and request 10% of each order. I also strongly suggest you start a blog to increase the traffic to your site and your google ranking. you can use my tool for $100/month and simply copy/paste the article prompts to claude to write for free until it hits its limit.



